

Amicus U.S.     Representative     Rick     W.     Allen     represents   the   Twelfth   Congressional   District   of   Georgia     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives. Amicus U.S.    Representative    Jodey    Arrington    represents  the  Nineteenth  Congressional  District  of  Texas      in      the      United      States      House      of      Representatives. Amicus U.S.  Representative  Brian  Babin  represents  the  Thirty-Sixth  Congressional  District  of  Texas  in  the United States House of Representatives. Amicus U.S.    Representative    James    R.    Baird    represents   the   Fourth   Congressional   District   of   Indiana     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives. Amicus U.S.  Representative  Jim  Banks  represents  the  Third  Congressional  District  of  Indiana  in  the  United States House of Representatives. Amicus U.S.     Representative     Jack     Bergman     represents    the    First    Congressional    District    of    Michigan     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives. Amicus U.S.  Representative  Andy  Biggs  represents  the  Fifth  Congressional  District  of  Arizona  in  the  United States House of Representatives.
iii Amicus U.S. Representative Gus Bilirakis represents the  Twelfth  Congressional  District  of  Florida  in  the  United States House of Representatives. Amicus U.S.  Representative  Dan  Bishop  represents  the  Ninth  Congressional  District  of  North  Carolina  in the United States House of Representatives. Amicus U.S.  Representative  Mike  Bost  represents  the  Twelfth  Congressional  District  of  Illinois  in  the  United States House of Representatives. Amicus U.S. Representative Kevin Brady represents the  Eighth  Congressional  District  of  Texas  in  the  United States House of Representatives. Amicus U.S.  Representative  Mo  Brooks  represents  the  Fifth  Congressional  District  of  Alabama  in  the  United States House of Representatives. Amicus U.S.  Representative  Ken  Buck  represents  the Fourth Congressional District of Colorado in the United States House of Representatives. Amicus U.S.  Representative  Ted  Budd  represents  the   Thirteenth   Congressional   District   of   North   Carolina     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives. Amicus U.S.      Representative      Tim      Burchett      represents   the   Second   Congressional   District   of
iv Tennessee    in    the    United    States    House    of    Representatives. Amicus U.S.   Representative   Michael   C.   Burgess   represents  the  Twenty-Sixth  Congressional  District  of    Texas    in    the    United    States    House    of    Representatives. Amicus U.S.     Representative     Bradley     Byrne     represents    the    First    Congressional    District    of    Alabama     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives. Amicus U.S.  Representative  Ken  Calvert  represents  the Forty-Second Congressional District of California in the United States House of Representatives. Amicus U.S.  Representative  Earl  L.  “Buddy”  Carter  represents    the    First    Congressional    District    of    Georgia     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives. Amicus U.S.  Representative  Ben  Cline  represents  the  Sixth  Congressional  District  of  Virginia  in  the  United States House of Representatives. Amicus U.S.     Representative     Michael     Cloud     represents     the     Twenty-Seventh     Congressional     District  of  Texas  in  the  United  States  House  of  Representatives.

v Amicus U.S. Representative Doug Collins represents the  Ninth  Congressional  District  of  Georgia  in  the  United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Mike     Conaway     represents  the  Eleventh  Congressional  District  of  Texas      in      the      United      States      House      of      Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Rick     Crawford     represents    the    First    Congressional    District    of    Arkansas     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Dan     Crenshaw     represents   the   Second   Congressional   District   of   Texas      in      the      United      States      House      of      Representatives.
Amicus U.S.    Representative    Scott    DesJarlais    represents   the   Fourth   Congressional   District   of   Tennessee    in    the    United    States    House    of    Representatives.
Amicus U.S.    Representative    Mario    Diaz-Balart    represents  the  Twenty-Fifth  Congressional  District  of    Florida    in    the    United    States    House    of    Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Jeff  Duncan  represents  the  Third  Congressional  District  of  South  Carolina  in the United States House of Representatives.
vi
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Neal  P.  Dunn,  M.D.  represents   the   Second   Congressional   District   of   Florida     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S. Representative Tom Emmer represents the Sixth Congressional District of Minnesota in the United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Ron  Estes  represents  the  Fourth  Congressional  District  of  Kansas  in  the  United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  A.  Drew  Ferguson,  IV  represents   the   Third   Congressional   District   of   Georgia     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S.   Representative   Chuck   Fleischmann   represents   the   Third   Congressional   District   of   Tennessee    in    the    United    States    House    of    Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Bill  Flores  represents  the  Seventeenth  Congressional  District  of  Texas  in  the United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.    Representative    Jeff    Fortenberry    represents    the    First    Congressional    District    of    Nebraska     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
vii
Amicus U.S.      Representative      Virginia      Foxx      represents  the  Fifth  Congressional  District  of  North  Carolina     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S. Representative Russ Fulcher represents the   First   Congressional   District   of   Idaho   in   the   United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Matt  Gaetz  represents  the  First  Congressional  District  of  Florida  in  the  United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Greg     Gianforte     represents  the  At  Large  Congressional  District  of  Montana     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Bob  Gibbs  represents  the  Seventh  Congressional  District  of  Ohio  in  the  United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Louie     Gohmert     represents  the  First  Congressional  District  of  Texas  in the United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Lance     Gooden     represents  the  Fifth  Congressional  District  of  Texas  in the United States House of Representatives.
viii
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Sam  Graves  represents  the  Sixth  Congressional  District  of  Missouri  in  the  United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Mark  Green  represents  the  Seventh  Congressional  District  of  Tennessee  in  the United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.   Representative   H.   Morgan   Griffith   represents   the   Ninth   Congressional   District   of   Virginia     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Michael     Guest     represents   the   Third   Congressional   District   of   Mississippi    in    the    United    States    House    of    Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Jim     Hagedorn     represents    the    First    Congressional    District    of    Minnesota    in    the    United    States    House    of    Representatives.
Amicus U.S.   Representative   Andy   Harris,   M.D.   represents    the    First    Congressional    District    of    Maryland     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Vicky     Hartzler     represents   the   Fourth   Congressional   District   of   Missouri     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
ix
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Kevin  Hern  represents  the  First  Congressional  District  of  Oklahoma  in  the  United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Jody  Hice  represents  the  Tenth  Congressional  District  of  Georgia  in  the  United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S. Representative Clay Higgins represents the  Third  Congressional  District  of  Louisiana  in  the  United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.   Representative   Trey   Hollingsworth   represents   the   Ninth   Congressional   District   of   Indiana     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S.    Representative    Richard    Hudson    represents   the   Eighth   Congressional   District   of   North   Carolina   in   the   United   States   House   of   Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Bill     Huizenga     represents   the   Second   Congressional   District   of   Michigan     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S. Representative Bill Johnson represents the   Sixth   Congressional   District   of   Ohio   in   the   United States House of Representatives.
x
Amicus U.S.  Representative  John  Joyce  represents  the      Thirteenth      Congressional      District      of      Pennsylvania    in    the    United    States    House    of    Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Fred  Keller  represents  the  Twelfth  Congressional  District  of  Pennsylvania  in the United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Mike  Kelly  represents  the Sixteenth Congressional District of Pennsylvania in the United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Trent  Kelly  represents  the First Congressional District of Mississippi in the United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Steve  King  represents  the  Fourth  Congressional  District  of  Iowa  in  the  United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     David     Kustoff     represents   the   Eighth   Congressional   District   of   Tennessee    in    the    United    States    House    of    Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Darin     LaHood     represents  the  Eighteenth  Congressional  District  of  Illinois     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
xi
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Doug     LaMalfa     represents    the    First    Congressional    District    of    California     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S.     Representative     Doug     Lamborn     represents    the    Fifth    Congressional    District    of    Colorado     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S.    Representative    Robert    E.    Latta    represents  the  Fifth  Congressional  District  of  Ohio  in the United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.      Representative      Debbie      Lesko      represents   the   Eighth   Congressional   District   of   Arizona     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S.  Representative  Billy  Long  represents  the  Seventh  Congressional  District  of  Missouri  in  the United States House of Representatives.
Amicus U.S.    Representative    Barry    Loudermilk    represents  the  Eleventh  Congressional  District  of  Georgia     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.
Amicus U.S.   Representative   Blaine   Luetkemeyer   represents   the   Third   Congressional   District   of   Missouri     in     the     United     States     House     of     Representatives.

